[EDU-4193] refactor: update events datasets variables (#792)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/observe/real-time-events/real-time-events.mdx

The **Activity History** data source stores logs from the last *2 years*.

---

## Data sources 

**Data Source** represents the Azion product or service that generated the events you'll query for. When submitting a query, the data source represents the index from where you want to collect data.

Selecting a data source tab is mandatory. You can choose between:

- HTTP Requests
- Edge Functions
- Edge Functions Console
- Image Processor
- Tiered Cache
- Intelligent DNS
- Data Streaming
- Activity History

Each data source has a specific set of available variables, representing the specific information you can receive in your query. See each data source’s prerequisites and variables and their description next.

:::note
There are two ways to access Real-Time Events logs: via [Azion Console](https://console.azion.com/) interface and via API. This documentation provides the variables exhibited in the interface. You can use the **Real-Time Events GraphQL API** and [check the available fields](/en/documentation/devtools/graphql-api/features/gql-real-time-events-fields/).
:::

### HTTP Requests

> Requires: <Badge>Edge Application, Edge Firewall, Web Application Firewall</Badge>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requires: <Badge>Edge Application</Badge> <Badge>Edge Firewall</Badge> <Badge>Web Application Firewall</Badge>
```

| Variable | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Bytes Sent | Number of bytes sent to a client. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `191` |
| Debug Log | Value of any variable from the request set through a new Rules Engine behavior. Example: `{\\\"idHash\\\":\\\"pQ04xXYD4JSYyOERu3mcwA==\\\",\\\"type\\\":\\\"product_screen_element_element_action\\\",\\\"message\\\":{\\\"event\\\":\\\"product_screen_element_element_action\\\",\\\"action\\\":\\\"value\\\",\\\"product\\\":\\\"value\\\",\\\"screen\\\":\\\"value\\\",\\\"element\\\":\\\"value\\\"},\\\"date\\\":\\\"2023-10-27T19:44:57.251Z\\\"}"` |
| Geoloc ASN | Autonomous System Number (ASN) Allocation queried from the MaxMind table. Example: `AS52580 Azion Technologies Ltda.` |
| Geoloc Country Name | Remote client’s country detected via IP address geolocation. Example: `United States`, `Russian Federation` |
| Geoloc Region Name | Remote client’s region detected via IP address geolocation. Example: `California`, `Rio Grande do Sul` |

> | Host | Host information sent on the request line. Stores: host name from the request line, or host name from the `Host` request header field, or the server name matching a request. Example: `g1sdetynmxe0ao.map.azionedge.net` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Host | Host information sent on the request line. Stores, in order of precedence: host name from the request line, or host name from the `Host` request header field, or the server name matching a request. Example: `g1sdetynmxe0ao.map.azionedge.net` |
```

Se for igual ao ${host} da Rules Engine, imagino que seja nessa ordem

> | HTTP Referer | Address of the page the user made the request from. Example: `https://example.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP Referer | Address of the page that originated the user request. Example: `https://example.com` |
```

> | HTTP User Agent | End user’s application, operating system, vendor, and/or version. Value of the `User-Agent` header. Example: `Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64)` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP User Agent | End user’s browser, operating system, vendor, and/or version. Value of the `User-Agent` header. Example: `Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64)` |
```

| Request Length | Request length in bytes, including request line, headers, and body. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `167` |
| Request Method | HTTP request method. Example: `GET` or `POST` |
| Request Time | Request processing time elapsed since the first bytes were read from the client with resolution in milliseconds. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `1.19` |

> | Request Uri | URI of the request made by the end user, without the host and protocol information and with arguments. Example: `/v1?v=bo%20dim` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Request Uri | URI of the request made by the end user, without the host and protocol information and with query string arguments. Example: `/v1?v=bo%20dim` |
```

| Remote Address | IP address of the origin that generated the request. Example: `127.0.0.1` |
| Remote Port | Port of the origin that generated the request. Example: `8080` |
| Scheme | Request scheme. Example: `HTTP` or `HTTPS` |
| Server Protocol | Version of the request protocol. Example: `HTTP/1.1`, `HTTP/2.0`, `HTTP/3.0` |

> | Sent HTTP Content Type | `Content-Type` header sent in the origin’s response. Example: `text/html; charset=UTF-8` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sent HTTP Content Type | Value of the `Content-Type` header sent by the origin in the response. Example: `text/html; charset=UTF-8` |
```

| SSL Cipher | Cipher string used to establish TLS connection. Example: `TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384` |
| SSL Protocol | Protocol for an established TLS connection. Example: `TLS v1.2` |

> | Stack Trace | Provides the names of the Rules Engine from your edge application or your edge firewall that are run by the request. Example: `{\\\"edge_firewall\\\":[\\\"Global - Set WAF\\\"]}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Stack Trace | Provides the names of the rules from Rules Engine for Edge Application or Edge Firewall that are run for the request or response. Example: `{\\\"edge_firewall\\\":[\\\"Global - Set WAF\\\"]}` |
```

| Status | HTTP status code of the request. Example: `200` |

> | Upstream Addr | Client’s IP address and port. Can also store multiple servers or server groups. Example: `192.168.1.1:80`. When the response is `127.0.0.1:1666`, the upstream is [Azion Cells Runtime](/en/documentation/devtools/runtime/overview/). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upstream Addr | Client’s IP address and port. Can also store multiple servers or server groups. Example: `192.168.1.1:80`. When the response is `127.0.0.1:1666`, the upstream is [Azion Runtime](/en/documentation/devtools/runtime/overview/). |
```

Usamos cells para o produto @gabriel-azion ?

> | Upstream Bytes Received | Number of bytes received by the origin’s edge if the content isn’t cached. Example: `8304` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upstream Bytes Received | Number of bytes received from the origin by the edge if the content isn’t cached. Example: `8304` |
```

Origin's edge?

| Upstream Bytes Sent | Number of bytes sent to the origin. Example: `2733` |
| Upstream Cache Status | Status of the local edge cache. Can be: `MISS`, `BYPASS`, `EXPIRED`, `STALE`, `UPDATING`, `REVALIDATED`, `HIT`, or `-` |

> | Upstream Response Time | Time it takes for the edge to receive a default response from the origin in milliseconds, including headers and body. Example: `0.876`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upstream Response Time | Time, in milliseconds, for the edge to receive a default response from the origin including headers and body. Example: `0.876`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |
```

> | Upstream Status | HTTP status code of the origin. If a server can't be selected, the variable keeps the 502 (Bad Gateway) status code. Example: `200`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upstream Status | HTTP status code received from the origin. If a server can't be selected, the variable keeps the `502 Bad Gateway` status. Example: `200`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`** |
```

| Waf Block | Informs whether WAF blocked the action or not. `0` when action wasn’t blocked; `1` when action was blocked. When in *Learning Mode*, it won’t be blocked regardless of the return. |
| Waf Ev Headers | When the request headers sent by the user are analyzed by the WAF module and tagged as **blocked** with `$waf_block = 1`, it contains a base64 encoded string. Otherwise, it contains a dash character `-`. It applies to both WAF *Learning* or *Blocking* modes. |

> | Waf Learning | Informs if WAF is in Learning mode. Returns `0` if it isn't and `1` if it's. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Waf Learning | Informs if WAF is in Learning mode. Returns `0` if it Learning mode is off and `1` if it's on. |
```

> | Waf Learning | Informs if WAF is in Learning mode. Returns `0` if it isn't and `1` if it's. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Waf Learning | Informs if WAF is in Learning mode. Returns `0` if it isn't and `1` if it is. |
```

| Waf Match | List of infractions found in the end user’s request. It’s formed by key-value elements: the *key* refers to the type of violation detected; the *value* shows the string that generated the infraction. Example: `0:1402:HEADERS:cookie` |
| Waf Score | Reports the score that will be increased in case of a match with the rules set for the WAF. Can be `SQL`, `XSS`, `TRAVERSAL` or `RFI`. |
| Waf Total Blocked | Total number of blocked requests. Example: `2` |
| Waf Total Processed | Total number of processed requests. Example: `5` |

The `Stack Trace` variable can be used if you have the **Debug Rules** feature activated in your application. Find out more on [How to debug rules created with Rules Engine](/en/documentation/products/guides/debug-rules/).

---

### Edge Functions

Requires: <Badge>Edge Functions</Badge>

Displays the event records of requests made to your [edge functions](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/).

| Variable | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |

> | Configuration ID | Unique Azion configuration identifier set on virtual host configuration file. Example: `1595368520` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configuration ID | Unique Azion configuration identifier set on the virtual host configuration file. Example: `1595368520` |
```

| Edge Functions Instance ID List | List of edge functions instances that were invoked during the request. Example: `10728` |
| Edge Functions Initiator Type List | List of initiators used in the function separated by `;`. Can be `1` (Edge Application) or `2` (Edge Firewall). |
| Edge Functions List | List of edge functions that were invocated during the request, in order. The order begins from left to right, meaning functions on the left were invocated first. Example: `3324;43` |

> | Edge Functions Solution ID | Identifier of your edge function. Example: `1321` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Edge Functions Solution ID | Identifier of the edge function. Example: `1321` |
```

| Edge Functions Time | Total execution time, in milliseconds, for the function during its processing. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `0.021` |

> | Function Language | Language used in the function. Example: `javascript` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Function Language | Programming language used in the function. Example: `javascript` |
```

> | Virtual Host ID | Unique ID available on Azion Real-Time Manager. Set on virtual host configuration file. Example: `2410001a` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Virtual Host ID | Unique ID available on Azion Real-Time Manager. Set on the virtual host configuration file. Example: `2410001a` |
```

:::note
See the [Debbuging documentation](/en/documentation/devtools/debugging/) for more options on viewing edge function's logs.
:::

---

### Edge Functions Console

> Displays the event records from edge applications using [Edge Runtime](/en/documentation/devtools/runtime/overview/) returned by Cells Console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Displays the event records from edge applications using [Edge Runtime](/en/documentation/devtools/runtime/overview/) returned by Console.
```

| Variable | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Configuration ID | Unique Azion configuration identifier set on virtual host configuration file. Example: `1595368520` |

> | Function ID | Unique Azion function identifier number. Can be found on Real-Time Manager’s function URL path or via API request. Example: `1111` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Function ID | Unique Azion function identifier number. Can be found on Console’s function URL path or via API request. Example: `1111` |
```

| ID | Request identifier. Aggregates multiple messages from a single request. Example: `240g95f04832f2872dd6e8ae308e8a73` |
| Level | Message with the level type for the function. Can be `MDN`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `ERROR`, `LOG`, or `WARN` |
| Line | Log message generated by the Cells platform. Example: `at async mainFetch (ext:deno_fetch/26_fetch.js:266:12)` |
| Line Source | Log message category. Example: `CONSOLE`, `RUNTIME` |
| Solution ID | Unique Azion ID set on virtual host configuration file for the solution. Example: `1441740010` |

---

### Image Processor

Requires: <Badge>Image Processor</Badge>

Displays the event records of requests made to edge applications using [Image Processor](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/image-processor/).

| Variable | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Bytes Sent | Number of bytes sent to a client. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `191` |
| Configuration ID | Unique Azion configuration identifier set on virtual host configuration file. Example: `1595368520` |

> | Host | Host information sent on the request line. Stores: host name from the request line, or host name from the `Host` request header field, or the server name matching a request. Example: `g1sdetynmxe0ao.map.azionedge.net` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Host | Host information sent on the request line. Stores, in order of precedence:: host name from the request line, or host name from the `Host` request header field, or the server name matching a request. Example: `g1sdetynmxe0ao.map.azionedge.net` |
```

> | HTTP Referer | Address of the page the user made the request from. Example: `https://example.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP Referer | Address of the page that originated the user request. Example: `https://example.com` |
```

> | HTTP User Agent | End user’s application, operating system, vendor, and/or version. Value of the `User-Agent` header. Example: `Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64)` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP User Agent | Value of the `User-Agent` header that may contain data on the end user’s browser, operating system, vendor, and/or version. Example: `Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64)` |
```

| Reference Error | Reference ID of the request. Generated when the status code is bigger than 400. Example: `#AECFE66100000000C947B9B3B3BFBE46FFFFFFFF9401` |
| Remote Addr | IP address of the origin that generated the request. Example: `127.0.0.1` |
| Remote Port | Port of the origin that generated the request. Example: `8080` |
| Request Method | HTTP request method. Example: `GET` or `POST` |
| Request Time | Request processing time elapsed since the first bytes were read from the client with resolution in milliseconds. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `1.19` |

> | Request Uri | URI of the request made by the end user, without the host and protocol information and with arguments. Example: `/v1?v=bo%20dim` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Request Uri | URI of the request made by the end user, without the host and protocol information and with query string arguments. Example: `/v1?v=bo%20dim` |
```

| Scheme | Request scheme. Example: `HTTP` or `HTTPS` |

> | Solution | Identifier of your edge application. Example: `1321` |

Reviewer: Diferente da edge application ID?

| SSL Cipher | Cipher string used to establish TLS connection. Example: `TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384` |
| SSL Protocol | Protocol for an established TLS connection. Example: `TLS v1.2` |
| SSL Session Reused | Returns `r` if an SSL session was reused or `.` if it wasn't. |
| Status | HTTP status code of the request. Example: `200` |
| TCP Info RTT | Round-Trip Time (RTT) measured by the edge for the user. Available on systems that support the TCP_INFO socket option. Example: `72052` |
| Upstream Cache Status | Status of the local edge cache. Can be: `MISS`, `BYPASS`, `EXPIRED`, `STALE`, `UPDATING`, `REVALIDATED`, `HIT`, or `-` |

> | Upstream Response Time | Time it takes for the edge to receive a default response from the origin in milliseconds, including headers and body. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `0.876`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upstream Response Time | Time, in milliseconds, for the edge to receive a default response from the origin, including headers and body. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `0.876`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |
```

> | Upstream Status | HTTP status code of the origin. If a server can't be selected, the variable keeps the 502 (Bad Gateway) status code. Example: `200`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`.** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upstream Status | HTTP status code of the origin. If a server can't be selected, the variable stores the `502 Bad Gateway` status. Example: `200`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`.** |
```

---

### Tiered Cache

Requires: <Badge>Tiered Cache</Badge>

Displays the event records of requests made to edge applications using [Tiered Cache](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/tiered-cache/).

| Variable | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Bytes Sent | Number of bytes sent to a client. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `191` |
| Cache Key | The stored object cache identification key for the content requested by a client. Example: `/index.html` |

> | Cache TTL | Time, in seconds, the cached object is considered valid (not expired). After the time expiration, when a new request occurs, L2 Caching queries the data on the origin (upstream). Example: `31536000` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cache TTL | Time, in seconds, an object is considered valid (not expired) from the moment it is cached. After the TTL expires, when a new request occurs, Tiered Cache queries the object on the origin (upstream). Example: `31536000` |
```

| Configuration ID | Unique Azion configuration identifier set on virtual host configuration file. Example: `1595368520` |

> | Host | Host information sent on the request line. Stores: host name from the request line, or host name from the `Host` request header field, or the server name matching a request. Example: `g1sdetynmxe0ao.map.azionedge.net` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Host | Host information sent on the request line. Stores, in order of precedence: host name from the request line, or host name from the `Host` request header field, or the server name matching a request. Example: `g1sdetynmxe0ao.map.azionedge.net` |
```

| Proxy Host | Hostname being proxied. Example: `storage.googleapis.com:443` |

> | Proxy Status | HTTP error status code or origin when no response is obtained from the upstream. Example: `520`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`.** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Proxy Status | HTTP error status code. May return an origin address when no response is obtained from the upstream. Example: `520`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`.** |
```

🤔

> | Proxy Upstream | Origin (upstream) address. In some cases, the L2 origin can be Image Processor (IMS) to process the image and then cache it. Example: `ims_http` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Proxy Upstream | Origin (upstream) address. In some cases, this origin can be Image Processor to process the image, which can then be cached in the cache layers. Example: `ims_http` |
```

Se não me engano o image processor não faz cache... Talvez ele sirva como origin somente para o primeiro request com o `?ims=` que for feito.

Reviewer: Tem que conferir se todas as vezes que o image processor é ativado, a origin é realmente o image processor.

> | Proxy Upstream | Origin (upstream) address. In some cases, the L2 origin can be Image Processor (IMS) to process the image and then cache it. Example: `ims_http` |

Author: ```suggestion
| Proxy Upstream | Origin (upstream) address. In some cases, the Tiered Cache origin can be Image Processor (IMS) to process the image and then cache it. Example: `ims_http` |
```

| Reference Error | Reference ID of the request. Generated when the status code is `4xx` or `5xx`. Example: `#AECFE66100000000C947B9B3B3BFBE46FFFFFFFF9401` |
| Remote Addr | IP address of the origin that generated the request. Example: `127.0.0.1` |
| Remote Port | Port of the origin that generated the request. Example: `8080` |
| Request Length | Request length, including request line, headers, and body. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `167` |
| Request Method | HTTP request method. Example: `GET` or `POST` |
| Request Time | Request processing time elapsed since the first bytes were read from the client with resolution in milliseconds. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `1.19` |

> | Request Uri | URI of the request made by the end user, without the host and protocol information and with arguments. Example: `/v1?v=bo%20dim` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Request Uri | URI of the request made by the end user, without the host and protocol information and with query string arguments. Example: `/v1?v=bo%20dim` |
```

| Solution | Identifier of your edge application. Example: `1321` |
| Status | HTTP status code of the request. Example: `200` |
| TCP info RTT | Round-Trip Time (RTT) measured by the edge for the user. Available on systems that support the TCP_INFO socket option. Example: `72052` |
| Upstream Bytes Received | Number of bytes received by the origin’s edge if the content isn’t cached. Example: `8304` |
| Upstream Cache Status | Status of the local edge cache. Can be: `MISS`, `BYPASS`, `EXPIRED`, `STALE`, `UPDATING`, `REVALIDATED`, `HIT`, or `-` |
| Upstream Connect Time | Time it takes for the edge to establish a connection with the origin in milliseconds. In the case of TLS, it includes time spent on handshake. Example: `0.123`. **`0` in case of KeepAlive and `-` in case of cache.** |
| Upstream Header Time | Time it takes for the edge to receive the response header from the origin in milliseconds. Example: `0.345`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |
| Upstream Response Time | Time it takes for the edge to receive a default response from the origin in milliseconds, including headers and body. Example: `0.876`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |

> | Upstream Status | HTTP status code of the origin. If a server can't be selected, the variable keeps the 502 (Bad Gateway) status code. Example: `200`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upstream Status | HTTP status code of the origin. If a server can't be selected, the variable keeps the `502 Bad Gateway` status. Example: `200`. **In case of cache, the response is `-`**. |
```

Displays the event records of data sent to endpoints using [Data Streaming](/en/documentation/products/observe/data-streaming/).

| Variable | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Configuration ID | Unique Azion configuration identifier set on virtual host configuration file. Example: `1595368520` |
| Data Streamed | Total amount of data streamed, in bytes, to the configured endpoint. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `1270` |
| Endpoint Type | Type of endpoint used in the configured data streaming. Can be: `HTTP_POST`, `S3`, `ELASTICSEARCH`, `QRADAR`, `AWS_KINESIS_FIREHOSE`, `KAFKA`, `DATADOG`, `BIG_QUERY`, `SPLUNK`, `AZURE_MONITOR`, `AZURE_BLOB_STORAGE` |
| Job Name | Unique Azion identifier for the type of streaming created. Example: `Data Streaming HTTP`, `Data Streaming WAF` |
| Status Code | HTTP status code of the request. Example: `200` |
| Streamed Lines | Total amount of lines streamed to the configured endpoint. Maximum value of `2000`. This field is the result of a sum. Example: `837` |
| URL | The URL to which the client data was sent/sink. Example for a **HTTP POST** endpoint: `https://log-receiver.azion.com:9200` |

---

### Activity History

> Displays the event records of activies performed on an account on Azion Console registered by [Activity History](/en/documentation/products/accounts/activity-history/). Use the [Real-Time Events GraphQL API](/en/documentation/devtools/graphql-api/overview/) to query up to 2 years of logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Displays the event records of activies performed on an account on Azion Console registered by [Activity History](/en/documentation/products/accounts/activity-history/). Use the [Real-Time Events GraphQL API](/en/documentation/devtools/graphql-api/overview/) to query up to *2 years* of logs.
```

| Variable | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| Account ID | Account's identifier on Azion. Example: `8437` |

> | Author Email | Email address of the Real-Time Manager user who performed the action. Example: `myemail@gmail.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Author Email | Email address of the Console user who performed the action. Example: `myemail@gmail.com` |
```

> | Author Name | Name of the Real-Time Manager user who performed the action. Example: `Hannah` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Author Name | Name of the Console user who performed the action. Example: `Hannah` |
```

| Comment | Editable space available for users to add comments when performing changes. Example: `Action performed during investigation` |
| Referer Header | Header `Referer` from the page from which the API was called. Returns when the API call is made from an UI. Example: `Test 123` |
| Remote Port | Port of the origin that generated the request. Example: `80` |
| Resource ID | Unique identifier of the resource that was created or modified. Example: `8190` |
| Resource Type | Identifier of the resource that was created or modified. Example: `edge_application` |
| Request Data | Data received on the payload of the request generated by the user. Example: `{"test": 123}` |

> | Title | Title of the activity, composed of: model name, name, and type of activity. Example: `Pathorigin Default Origin was changed` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Title | Title of the activity, composed of: model name, name, and type of activity. Example: `Path for Default Origin was changed` |
```

Reviewer: Rule engine 🥴

| Type | Type of performed action on Real-Time Manager: `CREATED`, `CHANGED`, `DELETED`, or `SIGNED UP` |

> | User Agent | Header `User-Agent` sent in the request. Example: `curl 1.2.6` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User Agent | `User-Agent` header sent in the request. Example: `curl 1.2.6` |
```

| User ID | Unique identifier of the user that executed the action. Example: `999` |
| User IP | IP address of the user/origin that generated the request. Example: `127.0.0.1` |

---

## Date time picker

> The **Time filter** allows you to refine the period for the events record search result. It's selected by default for **Last Hour*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Time filter** allows you to refine the period for the events record search result. It's selected by default for **Last Hour**.
```

You can filter by:

> - Last Hour
> - Last 24 hours
> - Last 7 days
> - Custom time range

Author: ```suggestion
- Last 15 minutes
- Last 1 hour
- Last 3 hours
- Last 6 hours
- Last 12 hours
- Last day
- Last 2 days
- Last 3 days
- Las 5 days
- Last 7 days
- Custom time range
```

| Referer Header | Header `Referer` from the page from which the API was called. Returns when the API call is made from an UI. Example: `Test 123` |
| Remote Port | Port of the origin that generated the request. Example: `80` |
| Resource ID | Unique identifier of the resource that was created or modified. Example: `8190` |
| Resource Type | Identifier of the resource that was created or modified. Example: `edge_application` |
| Request Data | Data received on the payload of the request generated by the user. Example: `{"test": 123}` |
| Title | Title of the activity, composed of: model name, name, and type of activity. Example: `Pathorigin Default Origin was changed` |
| Type | Type of performed action on Real-Time Manager: `CREATED`, `CHANGED`, `DELETED`, or `SIGNED UP` |
| User Agent | Header `User-Agent` sent in the request. Example: `curl 1.2.6` |
| User ID | Unique identifier of the user that executed the action. Example: `999` |
| User IP | IP address of the user/origin that generated the request. Example: `127.0.0.1` |

---

## Date time picker

> The **Time filter** allows you to refine the period for the events record search result. It's selected by default for **Last Hour**.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Time filter** allows you to refine the period for the events record search result. It's selected by default for **Last 15 minutes**.
```
